[Music]
Hello how's it going family how are you what's up
my kids well here I bring you
the latest news about the event
that will take place next week the 15th
16th and 17th in the tweet of well whoever
you want okay you already know that it's an
event that's going to be spectacular
I remember when we were at the
squid games and it was pointless
really it's here to applaud the team almost
those things because they are brutal and you
know that there are several streamers that we have
stayed like well on the bench we have
stayed the substitute and now I
would be talking today in his live about the
possibility of adding either one
more team because you know that there are ten
teams of ten people or one
more person per team that took people out
like broadcast that in the girlfriend of serious has been
left out who is super friend d
auro has been left out like that I have seen
on twitter ania has been left out
too
ciro lopez siro lopez charming and
lopez we want to see him die in the first
episode but we want to see him die
well lie in  the squid game I think they
took it on horseback and
managed to get it through I think I think it is I don't remember I don't
remember but
well if he doesn't have to enter the truth
is that it's a shame but the game is
configured only for well
only no there are not few no but
it is configured for those
contestants already tweaking everything it
would be a bit catastrophic but well there are
a few days left let's see
what evolves we'll
see what happens there is a
probability that man out of 100 out of 100
someone will have a power failure something
unexpected comes up at the last minute with the
change of date and a spot is left
free but I tell you personally
well I don't count on it anymore I mean hopefully I wish
flip we would get in but there are
a lot of people outside taken out that it
was a handful of people the
squid game if I'm not mistaken on the last
day like
the same day I think there were people who
warned that they couldn't I remember
for example ice a veil something came up
and was inside and didn't play  in the end there were
two or three who couldn't get in I think there was
also someone at the
last minute it just didn't fit him, it was
n't his game and he couldn't get in
let's see what happens but
anyway there are the teams you have it
posted on screen let's see what he
said to one regarding the possibility
of including ten new contestants or not
the final straw what a crybaby and you're an
[ __ ] you're already in your house they don't
pay attention to you and you go on twitter I mean to say
nonsense but you're really
stupid but you're really stupid
by the way Forman
and Gemita are left out
Forman Semitas are left out
yesterday I was talking to Ale who is the
main developer of the project and I
asked him if there was a way for the
place to be 100 to be 110 expensive my
idea in my head is ok we
've messed up well they've messed up I don't know how can we solve this there are 10 groups I had thought damn let's put in 10 more people and make groups of 11 it seems like a good idea to me let's put one more person in each group  and we
make the groups instead of 10 to
be 11
or a new group of 10 I spoke to him about it and he
told me that it was impossible that the games
are
calculated
but we go
mathematically so that they have to be
10 people and that it can't be another
group and look how formal it is,
very good friend, it would be missing more but he didn't tell me
that it's impossible that if we put one
more person in a group or remove one
the game can't be done it
seems that they are I don't know because I haven't
wanted to even see it
but they are games where it is necessary 10 19
or 11 10 with which then nothing here
gemita and form well they take a
lesson for the body that is when they
send you an invitation with a disk or you have to
enter because because the
administrators
look at the entire list of participants on
the disk I
don't understand very well what
the administrators have done
someone wanted to explain it to me on the phone
also with the group of disks for the
clear be if I wasn't semita I wasn't
alone anymore in this group of disks but
well then the administrators who have
started to put others or have
told to others I don't really understand
what the fuss has been about here but
well
what makes me sad is not that
people are left out and also of
course not doing the best in a
second installment safari a bit of the
surprise factor but what makes me sad
is so much employment and so many hours of
work that it must have taken to set all
this up just like the squid games
well I imagine that the
squid games when they do it next year wo
n't be exactly the same I take it for granted let's
go it wouldn't make much sense I don't think they will
be different tests I imagine I have
no idea okay but it's a job it's
a job that you have to squeeze a lot
more out of it I don't know what I told him as a narrator
I know about narrator invites a
few there but that's it no that apparently
the games are designed for you
teams of ten people not days teams
of ten people but I imagine
we have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 team there
will be ten tests or twelve tests or three
tests or something like that in which
certain games will eliminate a certain
number of teams  I imagine that the
eliminations will be by teams so that's why it ca
n't be unsquaring and each
game will be configured for 10 people
so it would be changing everything okay I
imagine they were like that but oh
well family we'll see how it
evolves there are still a few days left
anyway what was said okay we will be
watching the series we will enjoy it as
spectators if not and nothing
nothing happens there are handsome participants there there are
many people that we appreciate
they are there
mechanics benefits that I am
amazed even though she is there she is a
girl with whom we get along
great and we enjoy her videos a lot I am
glad that Paulet is there we have
also seen her on some occasions
and then we have our dear
deposit we have ricky and we have
Marc and Loyalty we have Voices we have
Bueno for the whole team that we had in
the squid game also with which
we had a brutal time
a hug families I will be reading the
comments box tell me your
opinion
in the next one
[Music]